<mediawiki xmlns="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.10/" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.10/ http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.10.xsd" version="0.10" xml:lang="en">
<siteinfo> <sitename>DF-Wiki</sitename> <dbname>my\_wiki\_1</dbname>
<base>http://dfwiki.com/index.php?title=Main\_Page</base>
<generator>MediaWiki 1.27.1</generator> <case>first-letter</case>
<namespaces> <namespace key="-2" case="first-letter">Media</namespace>
<namespace key="-1" case="first-letter">Special</namespace>
<namespace key="0" case="first-letter" />
<namespace key="1" case="first-letter">Talk</namespace>
<namespace key="2" case="first-letter">User</namespace>
<namespace key="3" case="first-letter">User talk</namespace>
<namespace key="4" case="first-letter">DF-Wiki</namespace>
<namespace key="5" case="first-letter">DF-Wiki talk</namespace>
<namespace key="6" case="first-letter">File</namespace>
<namespace key="7" case="first-letter">File talk</namespace>
<namespace key="8" case="first-letter">MediaWiki</namespace>
<namespace key="9" case="first-letter">MediaWiki talk</namespace>
<namespace key="10" case="first-letter">Template</namespace>
<namespace key="11" case="first-letter">Template talk</namespace>
<namespace key="12" case="first-letter">Help</namespace>
<namespace key="13" case="first-letter">Help talk</namespace>
<namespace key="14" case="first-letter">Category</namespace>
<namespace key="15" case="first-letter">Category talk</namespace>
</namespaces> </siteinfo> <page>
<title>
20 OpenCart Themes for 2018 from ThemeForest
</title>

<ns>0</ns> <id>6</id> <revision> <id>7</id>
<timestamp>2018-03-16T01:28:08Z</timestamp> <contributor>
<username>Root</username> <id>1</id> </contributor> <comment>Created
page with " Features Demo Marketplace Blog Showcase Resources All
Articles Tutorials Announcements Tips and Tricks Success Stories
Video..."</comment> <model>wikitext</model> <format>text/x-wiki</format>
<text xml:space="preserve" bytes="13479">

    Features
    Demo
    Marketplace
    Blog
    Showcase
    Resources

    All Articles
    Tutorials
    Announcements
    Tips and Tricks
    Success Stories
    Video Tutorials

20 OpenCart Themes for 2018 from ThemeForest

    By ThemeForest 20 Feb 2018 3 comments

20 OpenCart Themes for 2018 from ThemeForest

Why not make 2018 the year that you really kick your online business up
a gear! Find the right OpenCart theme and the possibilities are endless,
but where to start? Just for you, we’ve put together a run-down of the
top 20 OpenCart themes for transforming your online business in 2018.
Take a look and find the one that’s right for you: \#1.Sellegance -
Responsive and Clean OpenCart Theme

Great for online stores of all kinds, with its clean design and well
thought-out shopping cart, Sellegance promises to convert browsers to
buying customers, giving them a great experience from start to finish.
Built with mobile users in mind, it also looks stunning on desktops and
tablets. Sellegance is stress-free for you, too, as no HTML/CSS
knowledge is required to get started. No hassle, just straightforward
elegance. Details : Demo

2. Sellya - Multi-Purpose Responsive OpenCart Theme
===================================================

If full creative control is what you’re looking for, this is a stand-out
choice. Sellya offers over 300 custom build options at your fingertips,
without any knowledge of HMTL or CSS. The vast range of colors,
background patterns and fonts invites you to build a great looking site
for any online store, and you can be sure that your design will
translate well across desktop, tablet and mobile. Details : Demo

3. Pav Fashion - Responsive OpenCart Theme
==========================================

The clue’s in the name – Pav Fashion is an ideal theme for clothes and
shoe retail sites. Its combination of colors and textures and its
logical structure culminate in a glamorous and elegant appearance. Fully
responsive, customizable and simple to use, Pav Fashion offers unlimited
theme profiles and is a great choice for presenting your fashion
collections on any device. Details : Demo

4. OXY - Multi-Purpose Responsive OpenCart 3 Theme
==================================================

This theme is all about attention to detail. Very popular for its
usability, OXY is easy to install and configure, with a comprehensive
admin panel that offers over 1000 features, options and settings. This
is a modern, fully responsive theme, with 17 modules, allowing a high
level of customization for any type of online store. Details : Demo

5. SimpleGreat – Premium Responsive OpenCart Theme
==================================================

SimpleGreat is a versatile and comprehensive theme. It gives you over
300 configuration options, including hundreds of theme settings and
effects, and over 500 fonts. One of the real selling points of
SimpleGreat is its intuitive admin panel, making the building and
maintenance of the site almost as enjoyable as the shopping experience!
Details : Demo

6. NaturalFood - Responsive OpenCart Theme
==========================================

NaturalFood gives you the tools to create a professional e-commerce site
in no time and, despite the name, it doesn’t restrict itself to online
grocery and produce sales. With a good choice of styles already
available, and even more in the pipeline, NaturalFood offers unlimited
colors and fonts, customizable blog page options, and a range of layouts
to improve the customer experience. Its flexibility makes it much more
than just a grocery store theme. Details : Demo

7. Mimosa - Responsive Fashion OpenCart 3 Theme
===============================================

This is a great choice for your online fashion store, especially as it
looks fantastic on mobile devices. Mimosa includes six beautiful home
page layouts and a whole load of customization options, inviting you to
build a clean, no fuss site that beautifully presents your products. You
can also add and remove modules without touching the code. Installation
is quick and simple, and the intuitive admin panel makes configuration
super easy, so you can start selling today! Details : Demo

8. Bigone - Responsive OpenCart 2.3 & 3.x Theme
===============================================

The big win with Bigone is its menu structure, which translates a huge
volume of information about your products into clean, navigable menus,
using Mega Menu and Vertical Mega Menu. Bigone is a powerful OpenCart
theme that has been designed for digital and tech shops, to show off
your products at their best and make it easy for your customers to find
what they’re looking for. It offers eye-catching advertising banners,
great animations, and in-built testimonial and blog pages to boost
customer interaction. Details : Demo

9. Angara - Responsive OpenCart Theme
=====================================

Although it is certainly a multi-purpose theme, Angara has been designed
with online kitchenware, baby, sport and food stores in mind. It
incorporates some unique effects and its static blocks create a clean
and modern feel. Smooth functionality makes managing Angara easy, and it
offers some excellent in-built features (including a newsletter
subscription pop-up) to enhance the customer experience. Details : Demo

10. Oregon - Responsive OpenCart Theme
======================================

The creative design and advanced features of Oregon make it an ideal
multi-purpose e-commerce theme for anything from digital products to
food, kitchen equipment or furniture. Oregon comes with four great home
page layouts, sophisticated design content and helpful extensions. The
Category Tabs Slider module, in particular, offers an elegant way of
displaying a large range of products and a vast array of categories.
Details : Demo

11. Digitech - Responsive OpenCart 3.x Theme
============================================

Digitech is a flexible and attractive technology theme, with plenty of
innovative features and a logical layout. Easy to install, Digitech
includes a range of customization options, as well as cross-browser
compatibility. The clean and contemporary scheme, eye-catching labels
and intelligent layouts make this a great choice for an online tech
store looking to increase sales through ever-changing deals and featured
products. Details : Demo

12. Smart Shop - Multipurpose OpenCart 3 & 2 Theme
==================================================

Originally designed for electronics and computer stores, Smart Shop is
also popular with restaurants and tool sellers as it offers a clean and
professional look, with the option to customize all home and sub pages.
It boasts a new smart and responsive product grid and offers a range of
useful modules, including a blog and unlimited banners and sliders.
Well-structured code means it’s simple to use, and to make your own.
Details : Demo

13. HandArt - OpenCart 3 Theme for Handmade Artists and Artisans
================================================================

The standout feature of this artistic theme is its full-screen photo
homepage, which is a stunning way to welcome potential shoppers to your
online store. HandArt harnesses the power of the drag and drop page
builder, and CMS blocks and banners, to make it easy to visualize,
create and curate your page content. Mega Menu helps you to organize a
vast array of products and gives customers a stress-free shopping
experience. All in all, this is a really attractive theme with some
great features and beautiful effects. Details : Demo

14. Kid Toys - OpenCart 3 Multi-Purpose Responsive Theme
========================================================

Kid Toys is designed not just for kids’ products and toys, but also for
fashion, stationery, food and accessories stores. It offers attractive
color combinations and a professional edge. With custom backgrounds,
columns and layouts, you have full control over how to present your
products, and added effects and transitions give you even more
opportunity to be creative. From the full-width slider and product image
rollover to various Mega Menu, drop-down and sticky menu options, Kid
Toys is great to look at and easy to use. Details : Demo

15. BeFASHION - OpenCart 3 Multi-Purpose Responsive Theme
=========================================================

Designed for fashion and accessories stores, BeFASHION makes for an
appealing and professional-looking site. There is plenty of scope for
customization on every page, including options for Featured, New In,
Special or Bestselling product blocks. Shoppers can easily add products
to their own wishlist, and you can add Social Share buttons to get
customers doing your marketing for you by sharing the products they love
with their social circles. In terms of value for money, BeFASHION has
got to be up there. Details : Demo

16. Pav Towner - Responsive OpenCart Theme
==========================================

Offering four color variations, a stylish template, full creative
control over menus, Google Fonts, and over 50 modules, Pav Towner has
everything you need for a fashion, craft, food or luxury products
website. Over 100 slideshow animations, 200 effect transitions,
carousels and banners create an engaging visit for potential customers,
with a powerful shopping cart solution to maximize conversions. This
responsive theme works perfectly on wide-screen, desktop, mobile or
tablet. Details : Demo

17. Mozar - Responsive OpenCart Clothing Theme
==============================================

An excellent choice for fashion and accessories stores, this responsive
OpenCart clothing theme works hard to help you advertise, manage and
promote sales more effectively. There are four different home page
layouts, and a selection simple extensions, which create an elegant
feel. The jewel in the crown of Mozar is its large slideshow, displaying
beautiful images with attractive fonts and eye-catching effects. The
logically arranged sliders and countdown timer are also nice touches.
Demo

18. Logancee - Premium OpenCart Template
========================================

Logancee is a versatile theme that works really well for e-commerce
websites of all kinds, enabling you to create a fully functional and
good-looking online store in minutes. The 12 pre-built basic templates
are beautifully clean and contemporary, and great for getting you
inspired, and each one is fully customizable. Logancee uses the latest
trends in coding and offers a large number of in-built features, saving
you money on add-ons further down the line. Details : Demo

19. Furnished - OpenCart Responsive Theme
=========================================

Furnished is an attractive theme that has been designed for furniture,
home decor and antique stores in particular, but it works for a range of
purposes and is ideal for small to medium sized online retailers. All of
the pages are customizable and allow you to create a clean, fresh and
professional online store. Furnished offers an extensive range of
features, including a newly added product grid, and supports multiple
currency exchange so that you can reach customers far and wide. Details
: Demo

20. Coolbaby - Original OpenCart Responsive Theme
=================================================

Highly rated by users for its design quality, customization options and
flexibility, Coolbaby is all about being fresh and original. Designed to
challenge the status quo and offer something new and exciting, this
responsive theme includes 12 templates, live chat, and multi-language
support, along with a host of other great features. If you want a store
that stands out from the crowd and takes your customers by surprise,
this is a top choice!

So there you have it! When it comes to finding an OpenCart theme that
works for you and your customers, these are our top picks for 2018.
Whatever your business, now’s the time to give your online store a boost
with a feature-packed theme that is designed for optimum usability and a
seamless shopping experience. Find your perfect match and see your
online business thrive. Details : Demo OpenCart Newsletter

Subscribe to our newsletters and stay informed of new releases and other
OpenCart events. adair Leave your comment

lgsleadseo

lgsleadseo 2 weeks ago

I have been reading out many of your blog and I can state clever stuff.
I will definitely bookmark your site. - Data Cleansing Services
Adelaide, Call Center Services Adelaide

http://leadgenerationservices.com.au/data-cleansing-and-list-building.html
css-tree

css-tree 2 weeks ago

A very good collection of the responsive themes for Opencart 3.0.x. We
have been using some of the themes on regular basis, we possess the
expertise to integrate and customize the themes to match the desired
look & functionality.

http://css-tree.com/psd-to-opencart/ mahajangirl8

mahajangirl8 16 hours ago

https://www.shwetamahajan.com/delhi-escorts/
https://www.shwetamahajan.com/noida-escorts/
https://www.shwetamahajan.com/gurgaon-escorts/
https://www.shwetamahajan.com/ghaziabad-escorts/
https://www.shwetamahajan.com/faridabad-escorts/
https://www.shwetamahajan.com/greater-noida-escorts-call-girls/

Search articles OpenCart Newsletter

Subscribe to our newsletters and stay informed of new releases and other
OpenCart events. Web Hosting : Up To 20X Faster Hosting For Your Website
OpenCart Themes from ThemeForest Template Monster SEO Hong Kong (SEO
HERO LTD) - Search Engine Optimization & Web design Trending

    GeoZones [for Dummies]
    New OpenCart Main Web site Design
    Algozone is a New Sponsor
    OpenCart v1.4.7
    eWay Integration
    Development Week (05/05/2010)
    New OpenCart Template
    Development Week (05/10/2010)

OpenCart

    Features
    OpenCart Cloud
    Showcase
    Demo
    Download
    Marketplace
    Login

Company

    Contact Us
    About Us
    Extension Developer

Support

    Community Forum
    Dedicated Support
    OpenCart Partners
    Marketplace Support
    Migrate to OpenCart

Resources

    OpenCart Blog
    OpenCart Documentation
    OpenCart Books
    Github Bug Tracker
    Developer

Newsletter

Subscribe to our newsletters and stay informed of new releases and other
OpenCart events.

    OpenCart © Copyright 2018 OpenCart

    Facebook Google Plus Twitter</text>
      <sha1>qgsici74h0ed4cntfg0f5cbelq7wv7s</sha1>
    </revision>

</page> </mediawiki>
